Updates TPU instructions (#1697)
google/flax: docs/overview.md

## TPU support

All of our examples should run on TPU. See the following docs for more instructions:

> * [Launching jobs on Google Cloud](https://github.com/google/flax/tree/main/examples/cloud): provides a simple script that can be used to create a new VM on Google Cloud, train an example on that VM and then shutting it down.

Reviewer: Did you test this with TPU?
I tested it with GPU and it's a while ago. Maybe worth launching a job (and updating some versions if needed)

Author: Yes good idea, I will try that and update that document before merging this one.

> * [Flax Examples](https://github.com/google/flax/tree/main/examples): All of our examples requiring GPU/TPU support have instructions on how to run them on these devices.

Reviewer: You could even call out `imagenet` and `wmt` with a direct link because these examples have up to date instructions for running on cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
* [Flax Examples](https://github.com/google/flax/tree/main/examples): Some of our examples requiring GPU/TPU support have instructions on how to run them on these devices (see `imagenet` and `wmt`).
```
